Lookup: add Vue and React code snippets (#912)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Lookup/10 Enable Grouping.md

        // ...
    })

##### Vue

    <template>
        <DxLookup
            :data-source="lookupData"
            :grouped="true"
        />
    </template>

    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { DxLookup } from 'devextreme-vue/lookup';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxLookup
        },
        data() {
            return {
                lookupData: [{

>                         key: 'Mr. John Heart',

Reviewer: Too much indentation.

Author: fixed

                        items: ['Google AdWords Strategy', 'New Brochures', 'Update NDA Agreement']
                    }, {
                        key: 'Mrs. Olivia Peyton',
                        items: ['Update Personnel Files', 'Non-Compete Agreements', 'Give Final Approval for Refunds']
                    }, // ... 
                ]
            };
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

    import React from 'react';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { Lookup } from 'devextreme-react/lookup';

    const lookupData = [{

>             key: 'Mr. John Heart',

Reviewer: Here too.

Author: fixed

    }
    </script>

##### React

    import React from 'react';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { Lookup } from 'devextreme-react/lookup';
    import DataSource from "devextreme/data/data_source";

    const lookupData = [
        { name: 'Amelia', birthYear: 1991, gender: 'female' },
        { name: 'Benjamin', birthYear: 1983, gender: 'male' },
        { name: 'Andrew', birthYear: 1991, gender: 'male' },
        { name: 'Daniela', birthYear: 1983, gender: 'female' },
        { name: 'Lee', birthYear: 1983, gender: 'male' },
        { name: 'Betty', birthYear: 1983, gender: 'female' }
    ];

    class App extends React.Component {
        constructor(props) {
            this.dataSource = new DataSource({
                store: lookupData,
                group: 'gender'
            });
        }

        render() {
            return (
                <Lookup
                    dataSource={this.dataSource}
                    grouped={true}
                    displayExpr="name"
                    valueExpr="name"
                />
            );
        }
    }

    export default App;

---

> You can define a custom template for the group headers. For Angular, AngularJS and Knockout apps, DevExtreme provides the [dxTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/Markup%20Components/dxTemplate '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/Markup_Components/dxTemplate/') markup component. The following code shows how to use **dxTemplate** to define a template for the **Lookup** group headers.

Author: Please, help me to rework this paragraph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize group headers, specify a [groupTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxLookup/Configuration/#groupTemplate). In Angular and Vue, you can declare it in the markup. In React, you can use a rendering function (shown in the code below) or component:
```

Author: fixed
